hey YouTube what's up and today i'll be
showing you how to make your own
dashboard widget so first what you're
going to do we want to do is go to your
favorite web browser basically download
the iphone sdk at developer apple com /i
phone link will be in the description
for those who didn't hear me or can't
get to all in at one time but which
rando do is going there and make a free
account and download the SDK the
depending on which operating system you
use your got download the sdk and once
you do that you're done with apple and
you're down by the s you can't you're
going to want open dash code and I'm
going to make a car SS dashboard widget
today some which he's that and here's my
RSS feed and went through program any
fours Twitter and there we go next I'm
going to cut out the dollar ship there
there's that's cool its first there we
go okay so that's what I'm going to do
there I'm going to pull it over here I
vesicle in lenkarda should go to the
widget attributes over here and you're
going to want to insert your RSS feed
and choose how many you wanna go to ten
most recent any day show new content
badges and show article day and time
once i'm done that we've done with this
and got to deal with this anymore unless
you really want to back to the front and
basically it'll work now so i can get
run and there you have it works I'm
going to stop here I'm going to add some
more chill take a look a bit nicer know
about the inspector here i'm going to
click on blue here go to the graphics
pain i'm going to choose some colors
black for the top the bottom i'm going
to do a great call at my new twitter
background / heroes and i'll go through
this one solid color i'm going to make
this black and there you go
and then for pictures it's kind of
complex any pictures the easiest way
that we're going to do it is to expand
the back here oops and as you can see
there's this picture here and basically
what you're going to do with that it's
back developer developed with and
basically you're going to drag that to
the front and once that's on the front
you're going to open the little project
files button here and we're going to
open up images and once you've done that
you have developed with P&G and you're
going to name the picture you want to
use the belt with PNG basically you're
going to delete this like that and drag
and develop with dot PNG to the images
file and now you're done with that you
can close out out you don't need any
more now I'm going to kind of resize it
here or make it a bit not as awkward or
drag it up in here i'm done i'm going to
go to the back here watch some web tech
turn this loading here and add three
dots it just looks a bit nicer in your
finished product in the back and i'm
kind of going to adjust the back here
just a little bit i drag this over here
a little bit comparing this to another
program dash code is pretty nice
compared to microsoft access so you're
wearing just too complicated don't worry
this isn't bad at all make a Spanish
tutor a little bit i'm going to leave
those there for the simplicity of the
user try to even these out if i can but
it's kind of hard now i'm going to take
the inspector again here i'm gonna make
the font bigger for the article length
oops
there it goes and there's the article
link and I'm also going to get bold to
kind of show out a sterile of it drag
the done button up here with it and
basically you're done so that's how you
make a really quick dashboard widget for
the front here it's looks really
clacking it run turn at the top and
here's your dashboard which it looks
really nice it scrolls with momentum
with the magic mouse you know it's just
like an apple quality dashboard widget
so basically what you're done once
you're done there you're going to hit
stop file deploy and you're going to
look Todd once i'm going to type this so
i got a 94 words Twitter widget and then
i'm gonna do produce so i'm going to
compress with javascript for faster
downloads you choose the mat goes to
inversion will use and i'm going to save
it to my desk first we'll save it to the
desktop save and basically you know you
click on you double click on this you
can replace it looks like i've already
got one in there from where i drop this
before make replace anyway and there you
have it there is your finished dashboard
which I'm going to keep or delete key
and there you are you're done you can
click on one of those it's going to open
up the tweet you upload it and wait so
uh there you go that's how you make your
own dashboard widget i'm going to upload
this and have the link for this in the
description so you can check it out
anyway I'll see you guys later see you
later YouTube you have a great day